I think at this point we probably
have a good idea of what i'm
hinting at in terms of
what we're building.
Not a super surprise.
We're just incrementally plodding along.
And we are going somewhere with this.
And so if I go and I look for,
I'm going to take my clients store and
I'm going to just move this down here.
And I'm going to make
a couple changes to this.
I'm going to add in a reducer property.
I'm going to reduce her parameter.
And so when you create the store
it's also going to take
reducer this reducer equals.
And then from here,
we're going to add in one more method and
it's going to be dispatch.
Which is going to take an action.
And I can even strongly type this if I so
desire.
And now this state equals this
dot reducer this dot state action.
Now, within this I'm going to
send in the clients reducer and
let's try something out.
So const I might have already done this.
Let me see, I'm just gonna a client
equals and we're gonna go.
Clients store, select.
Current client.
And I'm gonna save this, and
then I'm gonna go down here.
Let's just dump this out.
And just resize this so we can see it.
As expected,
we're getting the current client.
So now let's go back up here.
And let's dispatch an action.
So store dispatch.
Hold on, client
store, dispatch.
And we're going to set in
a type of client, select
And we're going to send in
a payload Of,
Let me create a new client real quick.
Const.
Who am I into right now?
Well, [BLANK AUDIO]The
most unoriginal I totally
got stage fright.
Not really but[BLANK AUDIO]
when your ID equals 1234 first
name Shane Last name, though.
Company is a non.
All right.
So now I'm going to say I want
to create a new client and so
I did select let me do CLIENT_CREATE.
There we go.
And I'm going to send in a new client and
then from here what I wanna do.
Is I want to go All
clients equals client
store select clients.
I'm going to go ahead and save this.
And I'm going to go down here and
we're going to trace this out.
I really hope that when I
move this back that we have.